they are butt-buddies with Keza
they are killing and stealing pets even from their own members
they are stealing pets and ransoming them back
their own members are not immune
they are killing pets and then calling us griefers
they are using exploits and then calling us cheaters
they are using exploits to get into houses
they are using weaken wands and calling it skill
they are calling us cheaters and then using ebolt turrets to kill noobs
the villa exploit was known for some time
the villa exploit was probably how Ron got into Panther's house
if you are friendly with us, then you are an enemy to them
they will not bring reds to champs because they are afraid
they will attack a champ if they have a clear advantage
they always complain about people whining and complaining in UOR discord
they constantly whine and complain because they want mommy to fix it
they constantly bitch and moan because they have no other happiness in their lives
they are constantly complaining because it has worked for them
they are camping people's houses because they are immune to punishment
they are going to whine to their GM buddies
they are using exploits to cheat
they are a bunch of little pussies
I think it’s funny, lol
literally it’s just them doing that
I think anyone with two brain cells to rub together will see that eventually
toxic to a crazy degree
they are the real toxic griefers
they are the real bad guys
they are the ones with small peepees
they are the ones subscribing to Ron's OnlyFans
their shit is so toxic it smells
he is so toxic his hair is trying to leave his body
being toxic is their brand
their brand is basically a RICO case
ONE is basically a bathhouse for incels
that is how they get to you dude
don't let them get under your skin, that is
don't worry about it, everyone knows they are full of shit
this dude was in their guild and they killed him for his horse
Ragnar has a small penis
Ragnar has a small pp
Ragnar has told me that he does not care
Telamon has told me he thinks it's funny
JIK has told me he thinks it's not funny
JIK has been decent to me
Ragnar is a real viking, if you know what I mean
but real vikings don't change oil in cars man
but real vikings don't have hissy fits about video game pvp
Ragnar likes to fantasize he has a guild of real vikings, but real vikings have jobs
Ragnar is a PUSSY
oh my god what a PUSSY
Ragnar is a real wizard, if you know what I mean
Ragnar is not in charge
it's because he has a small pp
if he didn't have a small pp, maybe he wouldn't be so angry
it's because he has a small peen
no wonder he is angry, his penis doesn't even let him pee standing up
no wonder he is angry, his dick size doesn't matter because no woman will ever see it
he is angry because he's over 40 and has missed his window to be in Disney on Ice
this place is in the shitter
they couldn't handle it so they whined to their GM buddies
they brought the impossible bots and got rolled by purple pots
they brought the rampant abuse bots and took 15 counts
they use bots and then complain about people abusing mechanics
they refuse to bring reds and then whine about us bringing blues
they brought 15 dragons and still lost
I know a server where you probably don't get a reply about your account
can only Tela do that?
Chris doesn't care about this shard
I wonder why he doesn't care
Chris isn't going to do anything
he isn't going to do anything about it
he isn't going to care
Chris is going to push that change SoonTM
Big T isn't going to do anything
Big T doesn't give any more fucks about this server
Big T doesn't care about UOR discord
Leo is being political and trying to keep you from standing up for yourself
I hate that guy
that guy is such a douche
that guy is such a wanker
he is such a douche
he is such a wanker
nobody controls the group so nobody is the bad guy
nobody is going to tell him about his little dick
nobody is at home upstairs
Leo is basically saying nobody controls the group
they can't promise you won't be attacked or raided because Snaggletooth Ragnar doesn't want to tell anyone what to do
those guys are full of it
he's scared of us joining forces and that's why we should do exactly that
they're raiding you guys anyway
the truth is there is no such thing as neutrality within this game
they're the true toxic griefers on the shard
it’ll be ongoing until Chris puts in code to fix it
those guys are fucking cheese balls
Chris needs to put in a fix
don't mention that in UOR discord or you'll get timed out
Peace is deleting anything negative about ONE
Peace is moderating #pvp
Peace is helping ONE
Peace is ruining UOR discord
Peace is muting everyone in #pvp
Peace is censoring any criticism of ONE
Peace doesn't care if they're actually horrible people
Keza and his butt-buddies in ONE
#pvp is a waste of time, nothing but drama
#pvp is hilarious today
#pvp is my preferred entertainment, it's funny
any criticism of ONE gets a mute
he has nothing to lose with staff on his side
they are toxic griefers and everyone is going to see that eventually
he says that nobody controls ONE
ONE controls the champs, so they control the plat supply
ONE controls the plat supply
the plat supply is locked up behind triple-box scripters
triple-box scripters are ruining the shard
the shard is going down the tubes
things are going downhill
if I'm not mistaken they are cheating
if Keza is helping them, then they are immune
if there's nobody to stop them they'll just keep going
if I could fix it, I would
I would fix it if I could
I would love to ruin their shit
there's a hilarious thread in #pvp
if Keza is deleting threads on the forums, what's the point
Peace is helping ONE whitewash their image
the plat imbalance debate is helping distract us from Keza's stupid changes
he is going to keep up that stream of bullshit
watch, there is going to be a change
watch, there are pets dying everywhere
helping ONE is like helping your rash get bigger
when do you think they are going to get bored
they are going to get bored sooner or later
he is helping me finish a tamer
I think I'm going to be sick
he doesn't even care, I think
the other night I was just watching #pvp, and it was like holy shit
godbunny bringing out the impossible bots
but he thinks he is cool?
he honestly thinks he is good at this game
but everything he says just shows how stupid he really is
it's like, run and cry to Keza already, we all know that's where this is headed
I'm just like DUDE are you SERIOUS
are you SERIOUS, do you honestly believe your own bullshit?
wow, I can't believe this, just wow
wow, have you seen #pvp?
I'm going to shit down his neck
do you believe you're the Messiah or something?
do you believe anything is going to change?
look at these griefers trying to make us look like the bad guys
look at these guys
I think they honestly believe their own bullshit
do you think ONE controls it?
I was like wow dude, these guys are basically mafia
I'm going to PM Telamon
you can PM Telamon but it won't help
Telamon is MIA
they are constantly PM'ing Telamon
Telamon has TOLD me how badly they blow up his PMs
I think Telamon is just done
lol @ Zero losing his shit
lol @ Zero blowing his top
Zero is getting all wound up
Zero is about to go into orbit
lol @ goblinchild trying to talk shit
lol @ goblinchild acting like he is cool
talk shit get hit
I think they are going to do a harry tonight
do you think Telamon hates Ragnar?
I bet Telamon hates Ragnar
do you think Ragnar is self-aware?
do you think Ragnar has pubes on his chin?
do you think Ragnar's dick is as small as his brain?
do you think Shitwreck is a sociopath in real life?
they can't handle criticism
they can't handle the truth
they can't handle having their shit exposed
they can't pvp without pets
they can't fight so they zerg
dude, they will never fight you 1v1
dude, they will never give you a fair fight
dude, that's just who these guys are, we should expect this
they suck at actually playing the game, so they have to use scripts to play it for them
when Telamon gets back he'll totally fix it
totes, that's gonna happen SoonTM
lol @ Ragnar calling another person a bitch
Ragnar showing his misogyny
Ragnar's face is so punchable lol
Ragnar's beard is so greasy lol
Ragnar's tiny peepee lol
I hope Ragnar gets house looted
I hope Shitwreck gets his pets stolen
I hope Peace quits again
I hope Labeler forgets to refresh all his houses at the same time
it would be fun to kill Ragnar on three boxes
let's kill Ragnar
let's just kill them all
if you ask ONE, they are the good guys
if you ask ONE, they haven't done anything wrong
if you ask Keza, no rules were broken
if you ask Peace, MUTED
if you ask Telamon, lol you're not getting a response
if you ask me, they should just own their bullshit
Ragnar is dead on three, lol
do you read the things you write?
the things you write are insane
nobody is going to do anything
nobody deserves to see Ragnar naked
nobody wants to talk about a real fix
lol they want to talk shit
Ragnar, lol
lol, Ragnar
lol @ Ragnar's tiny peepee
Ragnar's tiny peepee makes him insecure, lol
if you had a tiny peepee, maybe you'd be insecure too
maybe that's why he's insecure, his dick is an innie instead of an outie
insecure people are easy to wind up
they think they are winning LOL
do you think Ragnar is motorboating Peace's ass for these favors?
do you think Ragnar is letting Keza come to their invite-only circle jerks?
do you think goblinchild is actually handicapped or just has shit for brains?
does goblinchild think he's scoring points?
maybe he should look for his tiny peepee
tell him he has a small dick, it's funny to watch him get wound up
it's funny to watch how fast he gets wound up when people talk about his dick
holy shitsnacks Batman, did you see that?
holy cognitive dissonance Batman, did you hear that?
holy neckbeards Batman, did you know about that?
holy shitforbrains Batman, did that really just happen?
did you see Peace trying to defend his bias?
did you know Telamon used to play with these guys on a previous shard?
it's no wonder he is pissy, he was born like THAT
Keza is so obviously biased
Keza is anti-pvp
Keza is stupid and has poor taste in friends
Keza has terrible judgement and dumb ideas, and he fucks everything up
Keza has done it again, he done fucked it all up
say thanks Keza
say thanks Peace
say thanks Obama
says thanks Keza
says thanks Peace
says thanks Obama
don't forget to say thanks
I was like I'm good thanks
I think I am going to get banned
"roommates", "roommates" everywhere
how many "roommates" does Canada have, exactly?
how many "roommates" can you have if you're in ONE?
how many ONE members are actually just Canada's "roommates"?
it's still funny even if it gets deleted
here comes the drama train, WOO WOO
oh my god the drama
here comes the drama train, next stop you!
drama drama drama
drama llama
it's always drama with these fools
these fools get crushed 3:1, then talk shit in #pvp?
there are no rules if you are in ONE
rules are for people not in ONE
if you are in ONE you get a free pass
there are rules but they don't apply to ONE
if you aren't ONE, MUTED
oh my god, thanks but no thanks
oh my god, it's like wow no thanks
oh my god, did you read what you just wrote?
Leo is being a twat waffle
Leo is a dick wrangler and he doesn't feel right without Ragnar docked up his backside
Leopold is just an idiot who can’t help but talk about himself
being an idiot is a prerequisite for joining ONE
talking shit in #pvp is only acceptable if you're ONE
Keza is being a bag of diseased dicks and it's kind of funny dude
Keza is being a ONE groupie and his bias is so obvious lol
Keza is having trouble justifying his actions and I'm just like lol
Keza cannot justify his actions and everyone is seeing it dude
Peace is trying to cover for Keza and we're all like, dude, give it up
bro, wow
dude, bro
wow, dude
dude I'm like woah, lol
brooooooo, it's always like that, nothing you can say makes a difference
brooooooo, are you for real?
there's nothing you can do but keep fighting the good fight
I was like brooooooo say it's not true!
it's not funny if nobody's crying
he talks shit like he thinks he is good
all Ron does is run
all Ron can do is run
lol @ Ron's corpse with 35 GHeal charges
lol @ Ron raging
look at these dudes, they honestly think they are winning
last time I checked, they are the ones getting upset and whining
we were fighting them at a contested IDOC, meanwhile they were whining in #pvp
and I was like, bro, could you for once just PLAY THE GAME?
but no, they had to bitch, and Keza rescued their pets
I have no problem with scripters, but that is bullshit
it is different because it breaks the intended mechanics of the game
I bet Ron rages so hard when he dies while streaming
Ron acts like he isn't a total piece of shit, but he is
I bet when Ragnar sees a woman irl, he like puffs out his chest and tries to look big but ends up just looking like he is constipated
goblinchild is to #pvp shit talk as Puff Daddy was to Biggie's raps
when I die, I want my headstone to say SPOOKED YA
if you squint real hard you can almost see Ragnar's beard lol
do you think Ragnar has play-dough teeth?
do you think godbunny is a chick, or just a seriously strange dude
I looted Ron like three weeks back so I am good on pvp supplies
I would love to loot all of their houses and kill all of their pets
I would love to see a video compilation of all their bullshit rapid-fire
I have never seen so much bullshit from one group of people
if you know what I'm saying, hubba hubba
if you are picking up what I'm laying down, wink wink
if you know how to lube it up properly
if you know how to use it properly
do you think Peace will rage-quit again or will he just slowly get more and more bitchy
what is the point of fighting dragons and bots?
I bet you if Jim Harbaugh left ONE the guild would disintegrate
have you ever put butter on a pop-tart? it is so freaking good
they had to bid it up because Labeler can't stand the free market
do you think Jim Harbaugh thinks he is good?
they always try to make us look bad, but they are the real bad guys
they are the ones doing all the complaining
last I checked, Keza was a fucking idiot
last I checked, ONE are a bunch of cry babies
I think it's ok, because last time I checked ONE will do anything for pixels
if I'm not mistaken Ragnar's dick is invisible
last I checked, nobody has ever seen Ragnar's dick including him
last I checked, Ragnar drives the drama train
the drama train is headed for ONE town
the drama train is code for Ragnar's tiny pp
Labeler is to real estate as Ron is to pvp
Ron is to pvp as Peace is to fair and balanced moderation
Peace is to discord as goblinchild is to mentally sane statements
you can see how tilted they are lol
oh my god I can't with these fucking dragons
I looted like five bosses this morning
if we can just steal the skull from them a couple more times I bet they will stop trying
it's always like that dude, every single time
if his dick got any smaller it would be a vagina
this is exactly what they did back in iDERP
this is exactly what they did back in PWN
this is exactly what they are doing with P'S
they are always lying, lying, lying
it's all propaganda dude, nobody believes it but they keep spewing it
it's going to catch up to them sooner or later
if you pay attention you can tell that they are really worked up
I bet you if their 4 pvpers left ONE the casual pvmers would bail too
I bet you over half their members are just going with the flow
did Ron find another exploit?
is Ron abusing another exploit?
is there another exploit for Ron to abuse?
do you think Ron has an exploit to make everyone lag out?
I think Ron is a moron with computers but he has a few exploits
all the propaganda does have an impact on the shard
the propaganda they constantly spew does change perceptions
people think they are the good guys because of all the propaganda
it would be good if Telamon wiped the shard
the shard is dying and it's sad to watch
the community is suffering and Telamon is MIA
oh my god with the lying
he's just straight-up lying in #pvp right now
he's over 40 and lives in his mom's basement
he's over 40 and still thinks it's cool to be "good" at videogames
he thinks having the biggest guild makes up for his tiny dick
nobody believes Telamon is coming back
they are going to do a circle jerk tonight
Ron is such an arrogant prick
Shitwreck is such a piece of shit human being
let's talk about real vikings with real beards
let's talk about the real problems on the shard
I want to talk about real solutions to real problems
these fools think they are good
I don't know what to say, they are lying and they are stupid
that guy is an idiot in real life
he is either retarded or he has a substance abuse problem
everything he says is lying
let's talk about all the champs they raid and then pretend like they're innocent
Ron has enough wands to heal the world
Ron has running skills alright
Ron has the runs
did that happen yesterday?
did that happen because of #pvp drama?
did you see how he stuck his nose directly in Peace's butthole?
did you hear about Ron's cavernous, echoing vagina?
did that really just reveal ONE's master plan?
real vikings with real life skills
real vikings with real penises
let's talk about a real viking with a micropenis
did that happen because of Ragnar's penis fixation?
Labeler can't sleep while there's gold in other people's banks
did you see how Peace shut down all criticism?
raiding champs is like playing roulette with Ragnar's feelings
they are going to shit themselves
they are going to write a poem about Ragnar's dick
they are going to subscribe to Ron's OnlyFans
Ron has a camshow later tonight, so he had to go
Ron is going to stream taking Ragnar's Bad Dragon dildo
Ron has an OnlyFans fanbase that can't handle his absence
Ron is going to have Ragnar as a guest on his OnlyFans livestream
do you think ONE forces new members to tell Ragnar his dick isn't small?
let's talk about real penises instead of Ragnar's sad joke
did that really go down like that?
did Cokie really go down on his horse?
Labeler can't help being a piece of shit
Ron can't help being a sad cunt
Ragnar can't help it if his penis is ashamed of him
do you think Ragnar says thanks to the staff when they cover for him?
do you think Chris says thanks to the staff when they fuck up?
it's kind of funny to watch them believe their own bullshit
I think it's funny to fuck with them and then log off without saying anything
it's soooo funny to talk about Ragnar's dick
it's funny to think about Ragnar trying to masturbate with his viking crown
Ragnar has a small penis but he's a king, okay?
Ron is up to 10 subscribers on his OnlyFans
this is exactly like the time Ron accidentally turned on his camera
this is exactly why they are going to lose in the long run
Keza has terrible impulse control
Keza has terrible people skills, you can just tell
Ragnar has terrible BO, you can just tell
it's all so freaking stupid
it's all so freaking funny to me dude
Keza has big ideas for tamers, and he doesn't care if it ruins the shard
Keza has big auctions, the biggest, YUGE
Peace has terrible instincts about people
it's on Ron's OnlyFans where he rubs butter all over his fat, naked body
it's all over the news about how Chris is coming back
it's all over now but the shouting
Ragnar docked the boat if you catch my drift
Keza has big real vikings on his shard, and he likes that
they want to show their members to the world
their members are uniformly stupid
everyone says thanks when Chris actually responds
this is headed to a good place
this is headed to a place where only trolls go
this is the best possible outcome
this is like the time when Ron's OnlyFans paid him $1 for a solid month of rubbing his nipples on camera
if Ron left the shard would have one less a-hole
if Ragnar left the guild might actually become less shitty
did you hear that Chris is going to push a fix?
Peace mutes everyone, Ragnar says thanks and then Peace mutes him too
do you think Peace is actually losing it?
this is actually the best possible outcome if you think about it because they got really upset about the whole thing
seriously they got all worked up
they got their panties in a bunch and complained to staff again
if you think about it bro this is outstanding
it's funny but it's also kinda sad
it's true but it's also just a fantasy
Ragnar has big like comically big balls and a teeny tiny dick
they tried to brag in #pvp and now it's all over what utter douchebags they are
I'm not going to say a goddamned thing
I'm not going to take that bait
JIK has told me that Christ loves me
Ron has told me he has friends lol
JIK has told me he thinks it's cool to be a vagina
Keza is being political and trying to make us look like the time Ron accidentally turned on his OnlyFans
we were fighting them at a contested IDOC, meanwhile they were whining in #pvp
Ragnar's face is so greasy lol
I looted Ron like three weeks ago so now I'm going to be "good" at videogames
I'm going to bed now
this is going to hell in a handbasket
this is going downhill fast
this is going well I think
did you hear about goblinchild killing himself dumping on scribe reflect?
did you hear about Keza cupping Ragnar's balls for him?
dir you hear about Peace furiously masturbating to an empty discord channel?
lol @ Ron thinking he can pvp for shit
lol @ Labeler furiously masturbating to his bank balance
#pvp is basically just ONE furiously masturbating to their dragons
real vikings have jobs
real vikings don't think it's cool to roleplay vikings in a video game
real vikings rape your women not your horses
it's like where is all this drama coming from?
all I hear is drama this, drama that
they are the source of 99% of the drama
drama isn't my thing but whatever
that is so freaking funny bro
that is so freaking funny dude
that is so freaking hilarious man
that is so freaking predictable you know
you know I was just thinking we should try to get into their heads
that is how they get you man, that is how
that is how it's done
these fools get all pissy when you kill them
it feels so good to kill them though
look at all this drama my god
nobody is going to touch that peepee, ever, because it's too greasy
Keza gave us the luxury of an explanation about his latest bad idea
Keza gave us the luxury of an explanation about how he fucked it all up
Keza doesn't think we deserve the luxury of an explanation
Chris doesn't think an explanation is a luxury
it was nice when explanations were not a luxury
it was nice when staff cared what players thought
it would be nice to not have ONE around
it feels nice to kill these noobs
I like killing these fools
these fools think all kill is skill
he wants to cuddle with real vikings
he has weird fantasies about animals
Keza is arrogant as fuck
Keza is so arrogant he makes Ron look decent
do you think Ron wears a cock ring on his OnlyFans?
do you think Labeler owns every one of Ron's OnlyFans vids?
do you think Keza will endorse ONE after Chris officially leaves?
he is not in charge of anything because he is a fucktard
nobody is in charge of this place
nobody is in charge of keeping the staff in line
you are not the boss of me
did you hear about Ron's futa fetish?
did you hear about Ragnar's vore fetish?
did you hear about Labeler's loli fetish?
did you hear about goblinchild's diaper fetish?
did you hear about Peace's power fetish?
did you hear about Keza's furry fetish?
we should try to get into his house
we should try to get under his skin
we should try to get under their skin
we should try to act like nothing happened
Leo wanted to show me his member
his member is tiny if ya know what I mean
they try to suck their own members
they are using #pvp as a weapon to discredit us
it is different because there are no consequences for them
it is different because there was no lube involved this time
they are going to touch that peepee over and over without knowing it
they brought the impossible bots and then said they were outnumbered
he brought 3 tamers and said he was outnumbered
he has terrible pvp skills and isn't even good at talking shit
Ron has a 4" prosthetic toenail
Ragnar has terrible BO, and he doesn't wash unless forced
Leopold has terrible herpes, and he won't go on camera
Peace has terrible drinking problems, and he takes it out on discord
Cava has a terrible relationship with mana
ONE bringing out the pets as usual
Karl bringing out the propaganda right on time
that's so typical, and did you hear about what happened yesterday?
they bring bots and then say GF in #pvp
they bring bots and it's just so stupid
did you hear about Ragnar's cavernous, rotting asshole?
do you know about Knerf's cavernous, echoing brain pan?
did you hear about Ragnar's white, hot rage?
did you hear about Ragnar's white, crusty gaming chair?
did you hear about Ron's massive internet connection?
did you hear about Ron's grocery store?
did you hear about their hazing rituals?
did you hear about goblinchild huffing paint?
did you hear about Knerf huffing paint?
did you hear about Ragnar sniffing bicycle seats?
did you hear about Karl's name for his penis? lol it's "My Little Trotsky"
did you hear about goblinchild getting into an argument with an 8 year old and losing?
did you hear about Cava dumping his mana and running?
did you hear about Cava dying to spawn and then saying he got ganked?
having the smallest dick makes you a king, apparently?
having the smallest time on the shard also makes you the happiest?
having a nice wank with some lard lube
having the smallest brain makes you immune to logic lol
do you think Cava runs faster, or Ron?
do you think Cava touches Ragnar's tiny pp when nobody is looking?
do you think Cava knows anything but dump-and-run?
they bring bots and dragons and then Cava is like "loooooool y u mad bro?"
they talk shit and get served and then Cava is like "no u r"
they say "all kill" and then Cava is like "VasOrtFlamCorpPorCorpPor runnnnnnn"
they heal Cava while he's 1v1'ing you and then he's like "lol ur bad at pvp"
did you hear about Cava's fruity ass riding around on a pink horse?
Ragnar is a dude jockey and Cava is his horse
Cava is a racist dick
Cava is looking to buy lightning wands
Ron is looking to buy weaken wands
Labeler is looking to buy friends
Peace is looking to buy enough hooch to make it through the day
Cava is giving Ragnar's anus an oil check
Cava has an odd obsession with bananas, I don't see the ap-peal *ba-dum-tiss*
and then Marauder said "you look like a boy who desperately needs to get hurt" and it was creepy
and then Marauder called me "pretty baby" and it was creepy
and then Marauder offered to get on top if we fucked with him?
and then Maurader called me pretty baby and offered to get on top if we fucked with him
